<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>

<!--Matthew Gotte	u20734621-->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Life Choice</title>
		<style>
			* {
				font-family: cursive;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="poem1">
			<h1>Bad Faith I.</h1>
			<br/>
			By Kit Schluter
			<br/>
			Category Life Choice 
			<br/>
			<br/>
			Into the bulbous crenelation of foliage I raise my star-shaped
			finger. Without softness,
			   the story perspires a sweetlessness, axillary as any latterday
			bubo. Under my clothes, the skin coughs—
			   it weeps a filthy amber, the color of overused motor oil.
			   Between myselves, one soul feels too plastic—
			   but as long as there is at least a gust of light, there will be
			some contour, some give, to the others.
			   The natural world is lobotomized : its hair grows long,
			turns to gold, falls away,
			   and when my skull gets critiqued, rightfully, for taking
			after centuries-old copper bells,
			   it cracks under this stress in the atmospheric night.
			   No matter which shrub I choose to lie in, I tend to find
			another with binoculars right to his eyes, fixed on
			   some window, a body halted in its frame.
		</div>
			<br/>
			<br/>
		<div id="poem2">
			<h1>Bad Faith II.</h1>
			<br/>
			By Kit Schluter
			<br/>
			Category Life Choice 
			<br/>
			<br/>
			What is an opulent form without a function : or, what is an
			adverb?
			   What is the perfect use of the word needlessly, and what can
			I use to dowse for paranoia’s nearest underground spring?
			   I awaken to the possibility of my having no such hydro-
			sphere,
			   the brighter half of my chiaroscuro egging me to passive
			reception.
			   There is no rhyme fit for my scream :
			   my scream is ever petty, a sword-crossed, double chiar-
			oscuro,
			   a crosshatching of trusts.
			   The normative is pedagogical,
			   but only in high, high relief.
		</div>
			<br/>
			<br/>
		<div id="poem3">
			<h1>Bad Faith III.</h1>
			<br/>
			By Kit Schluter
			<br/>
			Category Life Choice 
			<br/>
			<br/>
			I never skimp on the food I shoplift . . .
			   but is there a name for slinking away from the inexpensive
			perimeter, like this, to the decadent aisles?
			   And if a tree is named alone in a wood, can it be felled and
			dragged to the town square if no one’s around to drag it
			there?
			   There is nothing inconvenient about it, this disappearing,
			   this falling away of the ground from which an argument
			gleans its blinding charm.
			   I am an individual, thus I have no bedtime.
		</div>
	</body>
</html>