<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>

<!--Matthew Gotte	u20734621-->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Sorrow</title>
		<style>
			* {
				font-family: cursive;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="poem1">
			<h1>Full Fathom Five</h1>
			<br/>
			By Sylvia Plath
			<br/>
			Category Relationships 
			<br/>
			<br/>
			Old man, you surface seldom.
			Then you come in with the tide’s coming
			When seas wash cold, foam-

			Capped: white hair, white beard, far-flung,
			A dragnet, rising, falling, as waves
			Crest and trough. Miles long

			Extend the radial sheaves
			Of your spread hair, in which wrinkling skeins
			Knotted, caught, survives

			The old myth of origins
			Unimaginable. You float near
			As keeled ice-mountains

			Of the north, to be steered clear
			Of, not fathomed. All obscurity
			Starts with a danger:

			Your dangers are many. I
			Cannot look much but your form suffers
			Some strange injury

			And seems to die: so vapors
			Ravel to clearness on the dawn sea.
			The muddy rumors

			Of your burial move me
			To half-believe: your reappearance
			Proves rumors shallow,

			For the archaic trenched lines
			Of your grained face shed time in runnels:
			Ages beat like rains

			On the unbeaten channels
			Of the ocean. Such sage humor and
			Durance are whirlpools

			To make away with the ground-
			Work of the earth and the sky’s ridgepole.
			Waist down, you may wind

			One labyrinthine tangle
			To root deep among knuckles, shin-
			            bones,
			Skulls. Inscrutable,

			Below shoulders not once
			Seen by any man who kept his head,
			You defy questions;

			You defy godhood.
			I walk dry on your kingdom’s border
			Exiled to no good.

			Your shelled bed I remember.
			Father, this thick air is murderous.
			I would breathe water.
		</div>
	</body>
</html>