<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>

<!--Matthew Gotte	u20734621-->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Sorrow</title>
		<style>
			* {
				font-family: cursive;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="poem1">
			<h1>Punctuations &amp; Wind</h1>
			<br/>
			By Tess Taylor
			<br/>
			Category Sorrow 
			<br/>
			<br/>
			Then once again someone is shot
			              at a school   by a sniper   by police   in a movie theater
			&amp; the many homeless

			are hustled &amp; hunted.
			                You read how your clothes are sewn by slaves
			your dinner fished by slaves

			your fruit picked by starving children.
			               Mostly you don't get away.
			Mostly you raise the children you have,

			              afraid of no health care, of losing
			              the one goodish job you've finally got.
			              Mostly you keep your nose to the grindstone.

			Your heart flails
			              a thick fish in your throat.
			You have a felt for a long time that someone is watching:

			The administration is eroding your benefits.
			                But you are lucky, so you try to feel lucky.
			By the numbers you have always lived

			in an apartheid state.
			              You look at your child.
			Read reports of the tear gas.

			Text a friend. Cry at night.
			              Some days you march when people are marching
			some batter windows                     some are hit
			things are cancelled:
			                                                          The year has been dry
			even small rain will lead to mudslides.

			Some nights you wake only to feel
			              yourself for a few minutes grieving
			or praying &amp; hearing in darkness

			the old tree tossing &amp; tossing &amp; wild

			                                                          the storm coming
		</div>
	</body>
</html>